# May 16th, 2025

_Public post shared on linkedin and twitter_

In the last few days I have started developing an app that I have had in my mind for some time... a log / note taking app that also helps me stay organized in the multiple aspects of life (work, side projects, family, fitness, etc, etc).

That's what LogMeUp expects to be... an app where you can log your toughs and get actions items out of them. As day progresses, you can review those actions items and get the context of what you were thinking that day (and following days as you work on them).

I have started with a very simple approach. You write, and an Large Language Model with take your entry and propose "Actions". 
There's a trick, you can write / edit / delete as much as you want on a single day, but the very next day the entry becomes immutable (you can't change your past, right?)

I have a few ideas to add to the app to serve this porpuse beyond this initial approach:

* Allow other notes / entries that are related to specific actions rather than days
* Provide weekly / monthly reflections over your notes.
* Clean up actions that you haven't pay attention for a while (that might mean you don't care) to allow you to have a clean list.

The app also (and maybe the main motivator behind its development) is an excuse to toy around with LLMs. 
At the moment of this writing the app is only available for those who dare to clone the repo at https://lnkd.in/d3WKqF6S and start the app in development mode.

While I plan to make it available as a service eventually, I also plan to keep its development open (as long as I motivated to work on it, no guarantees :) )

For this initial implementation I have used React Router v7, Langchain and Ollama. You can also inject your OpenAI token to use GPT4 but for most entries Llama3 works fine (as long as you can run it locally)

In the next few days I'll be working on an API to being able to write / manage actions via other interfaces (eg. cli).

What do you think? Is this app something you would use? Is there any feature that you'll like to see on something like this?